Removed approval for Github Actions (#980)
kyma-project/community: docs/contributing/05-gh-actions.md

  - [Treat Event Context Data as Untrusted Input](#treat-event-context-data-as-untrusted-input)
  - [Regularly update the Github Actions](#regularly-update-the-github-actions)
  - [Review Changes on Workflows](#review-changes-on-workflows)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Introduction

GitHub Actions is a powerful tool for automating almost every task of the development cycle. The ecosystem of GitHub Actions is growing very fast, and one can find a prepared Action for many activities. But like all other usages of open source software, GitHub Actions must be handled carefully because an action runs external code on our code in our GitHub repositories. The following guidelines are intended to help you use GitHub Actions securely.

## GitHub Actions Security Best Practices

### Perform Security Review

The code of the action must be reviewed to identify suspicious parts of the code. Pay special attention to whether the Action is processing secrets besides the expected usage and what kind of modification the Action does on GitHub resources.

### Set the Minimal Scope for Credentials

> By default only `read` permissions are granted to the `GITHUB_TOKEN`. The `GITHUB_TOKEN` is an automatically generated secret that lets you make authenticated calls to the GitHub API in your workflow runs. The permissions of the `GITHUB_TOKEN` have to be [limited to the least minimum the `GITHUB_TOKEN` needs in your workflow](<https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#modifying-the-permissions-for-the-github_token>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the `read` permission is granted to the `GITHUB_TOKEN`. The `GITHUB_TOKEN` is an automatically generated secret that lets you make authenticated calls to the GitHub API in your workflow runs. The permissions of the `GITHUB_TOKEN` must be limited to the least minimum the `GITHUB_TOKEN` needs in your workflow. See [Modifying the permissions for the GITHUB_TOKEN](<https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#modifying-the-permissions-for-the-github_token>).
```

  run: echo "$TITLE"
```

> ### Regularly update the Github Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Regularly Update the GitHub Actions
```
